I'm optimistic that this is a new game
it just seems like it would be like the
worst PR possible for them to go through
this amount of hype and production to
say oh yeah this is just smash for
well it's week nine of na LCS I'm joined
it right now by taco the new coach of
cloud 9 they fired reapered they really
liked what he did with mango so he's
here with covers presented by Omni slash
how are you planning on leading cloud 9
to victory because that last game did
not look so good
we began Global's so we don't get
outnumbered on every skirmish oh good
that sounds like a good strategy okay so
looking forward know for those that
don't know taco taco is a big are you
the biggest personality in melee um we
can go with that for now
yeah work together Yahoo eSports so
we're talking about a bunch of smash
stuff here in this interview so if you
like smash smash the like button on this
interview let's talk about how things
are going so what what is going on in
the melee world you can catch me up well
the fact I'm here indicates that there's
not much going around in melee so I
decided to become a leak fan but small
tournaments here in their summits coming
up the mango is happening a really big
local event it's gonna be an ongoing
series in Long Beach so we're really
excited about that but overall it's been
a little bit of a dry season so I've
been keeping up with LCS and you guys
more than I have it smash why is it a
dry season um sorry I remember last year
it was like when we were trying to book
our melee rivalries thing it was like
there's just no time in the calendar
right yeah well I mean I just think that
a lot of Herrmann's they want the summer
or they want the winner so February
March and even January aren't really
desirable because they're students you
know a lot of people have school
midterms so summer is usually the busy
season of the year so you have been
taken a little bit of time to enjoy some
League of Legends what is some mango by
the way the mango is a local event run
by 2gg and well the videos gonna happen
after the mango happens but we're hoping
to make it an ongoing and local where
mango comes shows up and we have a lot
of California and Arizona's best players
come in and hopefully we fly in some
cool people laid-back fun it's gonna be
the most mango like tournament there's
gonna be alcohol probably drunk
commentary and lots of fun is mango
I'm gonna show up there because I don't
know much about smash I admit it but I
do know mango he's a little ethereal you
know like he shows up what I know this
because I don't know where I saw this
video but it's you commentating are you
trying to hang out while mango isn't
there and just filling time there was
like a highlight reel I thought was
really good oh man like that was really
rough cuz I had to stall for like six
minutes you were with their cup of
noodles okay yeah that was at the nudes
nudes nudes and mango needed to come
back and for whatever reason he decided
that talking with random people was
better than actually being on the
broadcast but I think we did a
compendium for mango to show up to his
own term and I believe he raised enough
money for him to show up to his own
tournament it's really smash is like no
other scene I will say I just want to
ask like how much would a league of
Legends player get fined if they didn't
show up to their own event I mean a lot
of money I don't I don't even know
that's never happened I don't think
where a player hasn't shown up for their
own event but that part of that is
because Riot and the team so it used to
be that Riot would literally send a
shuttle to the place to like pick up the
players because it like they were so
unreliable that it's like you just send
the shuttle there and then now they made
it so that the teams have to figure it
out now the teams do but yeah I mean
it's quite a lot so that's what we need
and just Nintendo support and then our
players actually show up to their own
events that's it's like Nintendo we
don't care about like prising we don't
care about digital goods all we need is
like support so that people actually
show up to these things
absolutely we don't want anything we
don't want these nice studios or nice
events we just want people to show up
speaking of Nintendo I was in Vancouver
and I I don't pay attention in Tendo
direct because Kelby may stole my Wii U
a year ago and I haven't gotten it back
yet but I know I saw the teaser and it
was actually really fun I saw a video
that was like fans freaking out while
watching the teaser get revealed and the
way they did it with like the splatoon I
logo so there's some sort of smash thing
coming really weird by the way that they
don't say what it is like is it
are they porting that Wii U version over
what I'm just kind of curious here take
I mean I think would be like so troll if
they made this large announcement and
turn out to be a port because with the
other announcement that they made in the
past they usually said this game is a
port and they end the announcement to
have this amount of production and to
have it not be a port would be just the
most trolli things that seem like
Nintendo though I kind of feel like
that's exactly the type of thing to
intended would you I'm not trying to
trash them but like it they are very
bizarre sometimes yeah I mean we always
say like they wouldn't intend to fly
something so they bring mail a HD except
you had to use the Wii modes or
something like so
I mean Amaya I I'm optimistic that this
is a new game it just seems like it
would be like the worst PR possible for
them to go through this amount of hype
and production and say oh yeah this is
just smash 4 and we all know Nintendo
hates bad PR let's so perhaps smash
smash 5 I guess is what it would be we'd
consider it what about this idea that
smash 4.5 because like you know Evan
he's a producer that works with you
before he was speculating in this chat
that I have with them that it might be
like they use the same engine but then
they add in like a couple more character
so like they're it's not like you need
like a ton more development resources
but it still feels like it's like a
refresh I don't know how you feel about
that theory I mean I think it's open
it's like definitely not conclusive on
whether or not this is a port or a brand
new game I'm just happy that we're not
using a Wii U anymore because even if
it's a port or a new game we're gonna
have people switch to the switch yeah
and it's a lot better than bringing in
being bring her around a Wii U
everywhere so what happens then first
smash for like just smash for good cuz
like the melee or the smash scene is so
weird in that there's like melee and
there's smash for and it's just some
people even still play brawl I think I
don't know but like what what happens is
it further fracture the community um I
mean I think most smash 4 players are
gonna move on to smash 5 or smash 4.5 or
whatever just because like I know a lot
of people there are a handful people
that are diehard smash 4 players but if
you look at the chatter a lot of people
have kind of feel like they're just
playing just because it's like money and
I don't really feel like they're too
excited about the game in the meadow
right now that they're ready to move on
to the newest thing
anything else you want to throw out
there about melee smash anything that's
going on
um hungrybox still the best yeah
hungrybox is still the best
unfortunately both in league and smash
team liquid just seems to have our
number right now but in the summer you
guys will see great things from mango
and I and you know of course we have the
support Travis I mean he's the one that
brought me on to Yahoo eSports and
recognized talent so continue to support
him and maybe we'll do some awesome
collaborations in the future again
perhaps perhaps indeed by the way the
last question here okay so you guys got
a compendium to get mango to show up to
his own event how much in the compendium
does it take for mango to start winning
events there is no amount of money that
could guarantee that he would try and
win they win right okay very good well I
asked I asked thank you so much Tavo for
the interview always good to catch up
with you really appreciate it
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel so I
don't know how I'm doing this
outro I'm not awfully and for some
reason Travis is holding me hostage here
until I do this outro so please
subscribe to him and support Omni slash
and let me please leave this video right
now